c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\bin\Debug\Squizzed.exe.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\bin\Debug\Squizzed.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\bin\Debug\Squizzed.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.g.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Squizzed.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Collection.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Play.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Collection.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Menu.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Options.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\Play.baml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\addCardPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\addCardPage.baml
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\editCardPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\editCardPage.baml
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\EndGamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Squizzed\Squizzed\obj\Debug\EndGamePage.baml
